Release r2.2 (#312)
camaraproject/DeviceLocation: CHANGELOG.md

* for subsequent release-candidate(s), only the delta to the previous release-candidate
* for a public release, the consolidated changes since the previous public release

# r2.2

## Release Notes

This **public release** contains the definition and documentation of
* location-verification v2.0.0
* location-retrieval v0.4.0
* geofencing-subscriptions v0.4.0

The API definition(s) are based on
* Commonalities r2.3
* Identity and Consent Management r2.3

**Changelog since r2.1**
* Full Changelog with the list of PRs and contributors: https://github.com/camaraproject/DeviceLocation/compare/r2.1...r2.2

## location-verification v2.0.0

**There are breaking changes compared to v1.0.0**: the API use has been simplified for API consumers using a three-legged access token to invoke the API. 
In these cases the optional `device` parameter MUST NOT be provided, as the subject will be uniquely identified from the access token. 
In this context also some error response codes have been renamed or replaced to comply with Commonalities 0.5.

> ### Breaking Changes

Reviewer: I would not add this section explicitly because some of the other changes below may also be non-backward compatible. With the note above I think it is enough to remark that there are breaking changes.
To be removed from r2.1 as well

* Some error status and codes have been updated by @jlurien in #281
* Section with guidelines about how to identify the device from access token and request body has been updated by @jlurien in #281

### Added

* Add MultiSIM section to info.description by @jlurien in #291
* Enhance description UNKNOWN vs UNABLE_TO_FULFILL_MAX_AGE by @jlurien in #314

### Changed

* Decrease radius minimum to "1" for circle-area by @maxl2287 in #285
* Error schemas updated with enums by @jlurien in #281
* Add pattern for x-correlator by @bigludo7 in #290
* Update 429 error message by @bigludo7 in #290
* Location verification align error tests by @jlurien in #306

### Fixed

> * Update errormessage for unsupported device identifiers by @maxl2287 in #261

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update error message for unsupported device identifiers by @maxl2287 in #261

```

In these cases the optional `device` parameter MUST NOT be provided, as the subject will be uniquely identified from the access token.
In this context also some error response codes have been renamed or replaced to comply with Commonalities 0.5.

### Breaking Changes

* Some error status and codes have been updated by @bigludo7 in #283
* Section with guidelines about how to identify the device from access token and request body has been updated by @bigludo7 in #283

### Added

* Add management of `maxSurface` in request by @bigludo7 in #262
* Add MultiSIM section to info.description by @jlurien in #291
* Add LOCATION_RETRIEVAL.UNABLE_TO_FULFILL_MAX_SURFACE error by @bigludo7 in #303

### Changed

* Error schemas updated with enums by @bigludo7 in #283
* Test definitions aligned with API specification update by @bigludo7 in #283
* Add pattern for x-correlator by @bigludo7 in #290
* Update 429 error message by @bigludo7 in #290
* Location Retrieval - Align Error Test by @bigludo7 in #310
* Location Retrieval - Remove unnecessary error 400 by @bigludo7 in #316

### Fixed

> * Update errormessage for unsupported device identifiers by @maxl2287 in #261

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update error message for unsupported device identifiers by @maxl2287 in #261

```
